Fix #2178. Editorial improvements on examples. (#2184)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-digest-headers.md

~~~
{: title="Request containing a JSON object without any content coding"}

Compression is an efficient way to reduce
the content length.

~~~ http-message
PUT /entries/1234 HTTP/1.1
Host: foo.example
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Encoding: gzip

0x1F0x8B0x080x000xA50xB40xBD0x620x020xFF\
0xAB0x560x4A0x540xB20x520x500x320xA40x03\
0x500xAA0x050x000x440x470x2A0x7C0x6D0x00\
0x000x00
~~~
{: title="Request containing a gzip-encoded JSON object" #ex-put-gz}

> Removing the content coding from the same request
> causes the content to become malformed.
> The server replies with an error.

Reviewer: I guess we can argue it's not the "same request", because the message is different :smile:, so how about something like

```suggestion
Sending the compressed form of the content 
without the correct content coding means that
the content is malformed.
In this case, the server can reply with an error.
```
